docs(users): add evidence-based-conclusions recipe to common workflows (#8702)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/common-workflow.md

> - Qwen Code always has access to the latest Qwen Code documentation, regardless of the version you're using
> - Ask specific questions to get detailed answers
> - Qwen Code can explain complex features like MCP integration, enterprise configurations, and advanced workflows

## Enforce evidence-based conclusions

When Qwen Code does high-stakes work — code review, incident troubleshooting, audits, or investigating production data — a confident but wrong conclusion costs more than no conclusion at all. You can encode your team's verification policy in QWEN.md (see [Memory](./features/memory.md)) so it applies to every session, without changing anyone's defaults.

The rules below are adapted from a production retrospective of a multi-agent deployment, where confident-but-wrong conclusions repeatedly traced back to the same failure modes: inferring state from code instead of querying it, treating one satisfied condition as proof, and repeating earlier statements as facts.

> **1. Add a verification policy to your project QWEN.md**
> 
> Put this template in `QWEN.md` at your repository root and commit it, so the policy applies to the whole team:

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Step 1 unconditionally mandates committing the policy to the repository root "so the policy applies to the whole team", while step 2 ("Choose the right scope") presents scope as a choice only after placement is already mandated — and its own body repeats the same repo-root mandate. — Failure scenario: a reader who wants the policy only for themselves (the `~/.qwen/QWEN.md` / `.qwen/QWEN.local.md` scopes the linked table offers) follows the steps top-to-bottom: step 1 tells them to commit a team-wide file before step 2 ever mentions alternatives, so the policy lands in a committed, team-wide file against the reader's intent.

```suggestion
**1. Choose the right scope**

See [Where to create QWEN.md](./features/memory.md#where-to-create-qwenmd) for which file applies to whom.

**2. Add the policy to the file you chose**

Put this template in the file from step 1 and commit it:
```

_— deepseek-v4-flash via Qwen Code /review (v0.21.7)_

2. Verify the full chain. Enumerate the causal chain and check every link; one satisfied necessary condition does not prove a conclusion.
3. Treat conversation history as leads, not facts. Statements in earlier transcripts — including your own prior assertions — are leads. Re-verify them at the source before repeating them as facts.
4. Troubleshoot in order: your own recent changes first, then docs and known issues, and only then external dependencies.
5. 100% evidence rule in reviews. In review and audit tasks, report no conclusion without evidence; attach verifiable evidence (file:line, query result, log excerpt) to every claim.
```

**2. Choose the right scope**

| File                      | Use when                                                   |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `QWEN.md` in project root | The policy applies to the whole team (commit it)           |
| `~/.qwen/QWEN.md`         | The policy applies to you personally, across all projects  |

> | `.qwen/QWEN.local.md`     | The policy is personal to you and specific to this project |

Author: Applied the suggested change in 5dfb4f5 — removed the duplicated table and linked to the canonical "Where to create QWEN.md" section in memory.md instead.
